Phase 1: Debugging the "Breaking" Points
Before adding new features, let's fix the communication between your React frontend and Django backend.

1. The Contact Form & Comments
The "error message" usually stems from one of three places: CORS, CSRF, or Validation.

Check the Console: Open your browser's Inspect tool (F12). Is it a 403 Forbidden? That's likely a missing CSRF token. Is it a 400 Bad Request? That’s a validation error in your Django Serializer.

The "Comments" Logic: Ensure your Comment model has a Foreign Key linked to the Post model.
# Example Django Model
post = models.ForeignKey(Post, on_related_name='comments', on_delete=models.CASCADE)
2. Form Submission Check
Make sure your React fetch or axios call is sending data in the exact format your Django REST Serializer expects.



Phase 2: Backend Enhancement (Related Posts)
Linking related posts manually is a headache. You should automate this in your Django models to keep your frontend dynamic.

Strategy for "Related Posts"
Tag-Based Logic: The simplest way is to fetch posts that share the same "Category" or "Tags."

Django Implementation: You can add a method to your Post model or a custom filter in your ViewSet to return the top 3 posts with the most overlapping tags.

Manual Override: If you want total control, add a ManyToManyField to your Post model named related_posts that points to self.


Phase 3: The "What's Next" Roadmap
Once the bugs are squashed, here is how you level up the project:
Priority	Feature	Why it matters
High	Sitemap & Robots.txt	Since you care about SEO, you need a dynamic sitemap.xml generated by Django so Google can find your new posts.
Medium	Image Optimization	Use django-cleanup and Pillow to resize images automatically. Heavy images kill SEO rankings.
Medium	Markdown Support	If you aren't already, use a Markdown editor (like django-mdeditor) for your blog body so you can write naturally.
Low	Analytics Dashboard	Integrate a simple view count in the backend to see which posts are performing best.


Recommended Action Plan
Fix the Contact Form: Identify the specific HTTP error code (400, 403, or 500) and adjust your Django Viewset accordingly.

Update the Post Model: Add a tags field or a related_posts field to handle the inter-linking you mentioned.

Refactor React Components: Ensure your PostDetail component makes a second API call to fetch those "Related Posts" once the main article loads.